so this is just a quick overview of how
the cart works
there's the snowblower engine which sat
in my grandpa's garage for like 10 20
years it only had to do was work on the
carb because we the valve got messed up
but other than that we just had to
change the oil and it works fine and so
we added a kill switch up below the
steering wheel where the key slot would
be pretty close to so that's just a
toggle kind of thing on or off and that
just shorts out the spark plug so
nothing ignites the gas in the mission
though the engine doesn't run anymore
and then you can flip it on and then you
can start it and then there's a pull
starter or an electric starter electric
starter area to plug it into a wall
socket though so I usually use the pulse
start and the electric start was already
on the snowblower in the first place
and then they have the choke and the
exhaust we used gas piping which you can
just it's cast iron you can just get it
from Home Depot or whatever the normal
hardware store and then the drive to the
snowblower is belt and it goes to a jack
shaft which is this thing right there
and that just has a brake disc on it
from a snowmobile and that has that's an
eight-inch brake disc what's not
hydraulic it's just a
cable powered but we can get plenty of
leverage which I'll explain in a minute
and then we also have the clutch lever
which pivots on this axle and then when
you pull the clutch handle forward it
latches kind of needs a little work and
then that puts tension on the cable
which lifts up these two oak arms which
puts tension on the belt through an
idler pulley but it spins there's plenty
of tension there when they go
that gives part of the jack shaft so the
jack shaft starts spinning and then from
the jack shaft we have listing the belt
which will then go down to our wheel but
the wheel right now is gone because it
broke so I'm getting them out back soon
when they were reinforced it and then
the brake how we get enough leverage is
there's a little sheath cable which goes
back to a lever which works as a which
works is just an emergency brake it
moves like half an inch but it can do
enough leverage or you can push on the
pedal which pulls on this cable goes up
through this logical conduit but it's
mechanical cable which goes down to the
pedal so you push on that it pulls on
whatever which then activates the brake
disc and slows it down and then I also
made a quick feature of a parking brake
when you engage this just far enough
we engage it just far enough then it
locks the brake discs in place or you
can unlatch it and slide the block
forward and then there's no parking
brake because it doesn't slide that far
for it and yeah we have a it's a one
wheel drive so because we don't have a
differential or anything I'm gonna rig
the muffler onto the exhaust and we have
motorcycle Springs right here in here
and the entire engine platform pivots on
two bolts right there and right there
so in the entire engine platform pivots
up and down but it's held by the springs
and then those bolts just keep the
platform moving up and down not side to
side and then the front we have Lord see
there we have Springs from engine valves
you just buy on it like it any car parts
store but are and they're just they are
in the engine to keep the valves
depressed but in this case we're using
it as suspension because they're quite
stiff it means three so that axle the
wood axle can move straight up and down
or tilt side to side and then
and then Neil's our dolly wheels that we
got Harbor Freight I'd definitely not
recommend those especially for any
driven wheels because they broke
so this is the wheel that I have our
parent it's black spray paint that look
just like those other ones you saw
outside and my neighbor reinforced it by
adding a 3/16 steel plate between the
two rims
so just under this and then welded the
bearing sleeve assembly thing to the
steel and then also to the wheel you
can't quite see it because I had the
pulley in the way but yeah and then axle
goes through there and then the pulley
is independent of the support axle so
the actual number turns the jack shaft
does loop in one wheel does so yeah